Add new Traffic management concept. (#4321)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/concepts/traffic-management/routing/service-entries/index.md

-  Redirect and forward traffic for external destinations, such as APIs
   consumed from the web, or traffic to services in legacy infrastructure.

-  Define
   [retry](/docs/concepts/traffic-management/network/#timeouts-and-retries),
   [timeout](/docs/concepts/traffic-management/network/#timeouts-and-retries),
   and [fault injection](/docs/concepts/traffic-management/network/#fault-injection)
   policies for external destinations.

- Add a service running in a Virtual Machine to the mesh to [expand your mesh](/docs/setup/kubernetes/additional-setup/mesh-expansion/#running-services-on-a-mesh-expansion-machine).

- Logically add services from a different cluster to the mesh to configure a
  [multicluster Istio mesh](/docs/tasks/multicluster/gateways/#configure-the-example-services)
  on Kubernetes.

You don’t need to add a service entry for every mesh-external service that you
want your mesh services to use. By default, Istio configures the Envoy proxies
to passthrough requests from unknown services. You can also use service entries
to configure internal infrastructure:

-  A **mesh-internal** service entry adds a service running in unmanaged

>    infrastructure, which does not have an Envoy proxy, but still is within the

Reviewer: This doesn't sound right.

mesh-external is used for services without an Envoy proxy, regardless of their network.

mesh-internal is for services that are in the mesh, and therefore must have an Envoy proxy. The difference is that mesh-internal service entries are used to manually register mesh services that don't have a service discovery adapter that adds them to the registry automatically.

Author: I'll rewrite based on your feedback and push the new version.

   same network, to the mesh. You configure mesh-internal service entries as
   you expand the mesh to include unmanaged infrastructure.

    For example, you create mesh-internal service entries for the services
    running on VMs outside the Kubernetes cluster but within the network.
    Mutual TLS authentication (mTLS) is enabled by default for mesh-internal
    service entries, but to change the authentication method, you can configure
    a destination rule for the service entry.

-  A **mesh-external** service entry adds a service running on infrastructure
   outside the network of the mesh. You configure a mesh-external service entry
   so that a service inside the mesh can make API calls to an external server.

>    When you add a mesh external service entry, you don't need to configure an

Reviewer: This sounds like an inaccurate or strange point.

Maybe a sentence like this instead:
```
You can use service entries in conjunction with an egress gateway to ensure all external services are accessed
though a single exit point.
```

    services added through mesh-external service entries.

You can use mesh-external service entries to perform the following
configurations:

-  Configure multiple external dependencies with a single service entry.

-  Configure the resolution mode for the external dependencies to `NONE`,
   `STATIC`, or `DNS`.

-  Access secure external services over plain text ports to directly access
   external dependencies from your application.

## Add an external dependency securely

The following example mesh-external service entry adds the ext-resource
external dependency to Istio's service registry:

{{< text yaml >}}
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
kind: ServiceEntry
metadata:
  name: svc-entry
spec:
  hosts:
  - ext-resource.com
  ports:
  - number: 443
    name: https
    protocol: HTTPS
  location: MESH_EXTERNAL
  resolution: DNS
{{< /text >}}

You must specify the external resource using the `hosts:` key. You can qualify
it fully or use a wildcard domain name. The value represents the set of one or
more services outside the mesh that services in the mesh can access.

Configuring a service entry can be enough to call an external service, but

> typically you configure either a virtual service or destination rules to route

Reviewer: ```suggestion
typically you configure either, or both, a virtual service or destination rules to control
```
